c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB5.Labclinic\LAB5.Labclinic.Web\bin\LAB5.Labclinic.Web.dll.config
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB5.Labclinic\LAB5.Labclinic.Web\bin\LAB5.Labclinic.Web.dll
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB5.Labclinic\LAB5.Labclinic.Web\bin\LAB5.Labclinic.Web.pdb
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB5.Labclinic\LAB5.Labclinic.Web\bin\LAB5.Labclinic.Data.dll
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB5.Labclinic\LAB5.Labclinic.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB5.Labclinic\LAB5.Labclinic.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB5.Labclinic\LAB5.Labclinic.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB5.Labclinic\LAB5.Labclinic.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB5.Labclinic\LAB5.Labclinic.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB5.Labclinic\LAB5.Labclinic.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB5.Labclinic\LAB5.Labclinic.Web\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB5.Labclinic\LAB5.Labclinic.Web\bin\LAB5.Labclinic.Data.pdb
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB5.Labclinic\LAB5.Labclinic.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB5.Labclinic\LAB5.Labclinic.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB5.Labclinic\LAB5.Labclinic.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB5.Labclinic\LAB5.Labclinic.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB5.Labclinic\LAB5.Labclinic.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB5.Labclinic\LAB5.Labclinic.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB5.Labclinic\LAB5.Labclinic.Web\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB5.Labclinic\LAB5.Labclinic.Web\obj\Debug\LAB5.Labclinic.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB5.Labclinic\LAB5.Labclinic.Web\obj\Debug\LAB5.Labclinic.Web.dll
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB5.Labclinic\LAB5.Labclinic.Web\obj\Debug\LAB5.Labclinic.Web.pdb
